commentary about rap music is one of the
things I do on the Internet and that
I've always done on the Internet
I hope nobody ever puts together a
collage pasting together all my past
comments on rap music
some of them some of them I'm not too
proud of but you know over the years -
I've had rap and hip-hop artists respond
to those those comments one that sticks
out in my mind is actually rapper by the
name of Dirt Nasty Dirt Nasty he first
came to public attention I believe as a
VJ for MTV under the name Simon Rex and
then he later repackaged himself as the
rapper Dirt Nasty a comedic rapper and I
remember he repeatedly reblogged and
commented on a comment I made it but as
his then-upcoming next album and you
know I remember one of his comments was
he just said this matters to me you know
it's interesting and it's an interesting
element of criticism in the 21st century
is that you know I can do a book review
and really reach out and touch the
author of the book probably much more
than any of the readers of the book and
one who might read the book and that
happened not too long ago if you check
out the of the book reviews playlist on
this channel I got an extreme reaction
from the authors of the author of one of
the books that I reviewed Casey Taft
Casey Taft PhD really freaked out he
lost his cool entirely over a very
sincere and I think probing and
substantive book review that I gave him
but it is a very negative book review
it's and his book is terrible so it was
a well sur- poke review so any with us
this is one feature of life in the 21st
century in many ways the internet has
destroyed conventional journalism it's
destroyed the possibility of earning
money from your writing or your words
but it's created this magical
possibility of making your opinions
matter to an audience of at least a few
hundred people and amazingly making your
opinions matter to you
musicians themselves the authors of
books themselves and so on so I just
made a brief but cutting comments on
Twitter that I addressed to both Lil B
the bass God and the artist formerly
known as kitty pryde and I commented to
these two rappers you know the
difference is the difference between
little B and Kitty pride is when little
B says that he's gonna work on a project
for four years when he raps up an album
and he says he worked on the project for
four years he actually means that he
worked on the project for four years my
point being that Kitty Pryde after a
delay of more than four years finally
put out the rap album which you can't
even call rap that follows up on the
potential that the whole world got
excited about again more than five years
ago now I guess when she put it
especially the one track Orion's belt
Orion's belt stole this day if you if
you listen to that track you can see why
people got excited about Kitty Pryde as
a rapper and in the intervening years
where she did fundraising
I think Kickstarter I think Kickstarter
rather than patreon she took donations
to get people to pay for this album she
has really just demolished everything
that created interest in or hype the
interest in her as an artist and hype
for her work right like why were people
ever interested in Kitty Pryde as a
rapper yeah week instead it was like
really shallow you can say well she had
red hair she bleached her hair blonde
why did you do that why did you
eliminate something that was a Connick
and recognizable about you but obviously
also was the unpretentious emotionally
porous nature of really rocks in our
first couple of tracks that came out
right
talking about having a crummy
relationship with a guy or you know
dating the other dating young men and
you know feelings and misgivings and
stuff and she wraps it with the fact
that she can't wrap and she's not a
gangster and you know there was this you
know insouciance and sincerity to her
lyrical content and of course she had a
style that was partly her struggling
with her own lack of technique as a
rapper that was really fresh and
original and different and on that one
track Orion's belt she hold her she held
her own next to riff raff a very
experienced rapper
another rapper who's now burnt out and
worthless who at that time had some hype
and had sunshine had some respect as a
rapper and on that one track Orion's
belt the whole world sat up and paid
attention and said wow what's happening
next for for Kitty Pryde
right now I mean you could say that also
but little B but you have to go back way
further I would say a little B on the
gods father project that was really
where the mainstream press said okay wow
this guy that will be is a real talents
till this day God's father mixtape
downloaded it's free that almost all
little beats music you can you can
download for free immediately so you can
you can check that out and see what the
see what the excitement about and a lot
of people since then have criticized a
little bit feeling that he didn't live
up to the potential didn't live up to
the hype the tracks like that well the
whole projects are that whole albums
like that created for him well you know
you were entitled to your opinion if you
feel that way but I say again little B
took several years years to work on
black Ken so that's his latest big
project black Ken the next day and I
think he did that to challenge himself
because before them
he really had this working methodology
of only putting like five minutes of
work in each track he put out one
mixtape that had over a hundred tracks
on the mixtape where he'd just show up
at the studio improvise do everything
last minute he you know he was famous
for taking his beats straight off of
what was it not Facebook MySpace
you have people centipede on MySpace put
together in five minutes put very little
thought into it throw together these
very improvised tracks and maybe one at
a ten
you know something magic happened and I
think he was challenging himself to do a
much more traditional old-school rap
album with black Ken I've already given
that album a very positive review on the
same Channel so that's what it is guys
living in the 21st century we all have
the opportunity to make our opinions
matter especially to the small number of
people on the internet who for whatever
reason watch our videos or read our
articles feel some connection with us
and care about our opinions and yeah
incongruously enough I can even reach
out to Kitty Pryde a little B little B
did comment on my last video about his
album it's a little B watch that video
or at least watched a couple minutes of
its nted to comment you know this is um
it's a peculiar out it's a pure era we
were sitting at breakfast today in a
restaurant I commented my girlfriend
she's just here off camera I call ins my
girlfriend you know when I was in a
restaurant like this ten years agos and
fifteen years ago we had the internet
but people didn't have the internet with
them at their table at the restaurant
while they're eating breakfast you know
he used to be and come to a restaurant
of this and people would spark up
conversation with each other and know
now everyone's having a conversation via
FaceTime on their phone or via Facebook
or other writing email you know they
have mobile phones that allowed the
exits the internet in a big way you know
in ways subtle and profound the
evolution the internet has changed all
of our lives and I had to admit I said
even I'm guilty of this if I feel like
chatting with people right now I'd
probably just start live streaming you
know open with my computer start live
streaming over breakfast
I don't have any reason to start up
Congress
with these randoms so yeah for better
and for worse death the air in and shout
out to Kitty Pryde for uh for replying
to me on Twitter